Update home page (#951)
canonical/k8s-snap: docs/canonicalk8s/index.md

You can find out more about {{product}} on this [overview page] or
see a more detailed explanation in our [architecture documentation].

{{product}} can be deployed as a standalone snap, as a charm as part of a
Juju cluster or with Cluster API. Find out more about which {{product}}

> installation method is best for your

Reviewer: nit: you are using a capital J for Juju, but lowercase s/c for snap / charm.  What are the guidelines on product name capitalization?

project's needs with
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->

> **[choosing a {{product}} installation method.](src/snap/explanation/installation-methods.md)**

Reviewer 2: I would consider moving this section to the `In this documentation` section. It would fit well with that content.

```

````{grid} 1 1 1 1

```{grid-item-card}
:link: src/snap/

> ### [ Install with a snap ›](src/snap/index)

Reviewer 3: nit: Is this whitespace required?
```suggestion
### [Install with a snap ›](src/snap/index)
```

Our tutorials, how-to guides and other pages will explain how to install,

>  configure and use the {{product}} 'k8s' snap. This is a great option if you are new to Kubernetes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 configure and use the {{product}} 'k8s' snap. This is the most straight-forward deployment method.
```
If people think they "know" Kubernetes they may be inclined to skip this method thinking this is not the "real deal".
